Date: 2014-03-26
Title: 英语面试自我介绍及常见问题解答
Category: 程序员的面经
Tags: 面经技巧
Slug: english_interview
Img:pics/job/mianshi.jpg
summary:这是很多`面试考`官喜欢问的一个问题，这是你展示自己的最佳机会，不要吹嘘自己或过于自负,但要让雇主知道你相信自己，你知道自己的优点。如可答我认为我最大的优点是能够执着地尽力把事情办好。当做完一件工作而其成果又正合我的预想时，我会有一种真正的成就感。我给自己定了一些高目标，比如说，我要成为出...

----------

**自我介绍**

Good morning! 

It is really my honor to have this opportunity for an interview, I hope i can make a good performance today. I'm confident that I can succeed. Now i will introduce myself briefly,I am 26 years old,born in shandong province.I was graduated from qingdao university. my major is electronic.and i got my bachelor degree after my graduation in the year of 2003.I spend most of my time on study,i have passed CET4/6 . and i have acquired basic knowledge of my major during my school time. In July 2003, I began work for a small private company as a technical support engineer in QingDao city.Because I'm capable of more responsibilities, so I decided to change my job. 
And in August 2004,I left QingDao to BeiJing and worked for a foreign enterprise as a automation software test engineer.Because I want to change my working environment, I'd like to find a job which is more challenging. Morover Motorola is a global company, so I feel I can gain the most from working in this kind of company ennvironment. That is the reason why I come here to compete for this position. 
I think I'm a good team player and I'm a person of great honesty to others. Also I am able to work under great pressure. 

That’s all. Thank you for giving me the chance. 


**自我介绍(self-introduction)** 

1.Good morning. I am glad to be here for this interview. First let me introduce myself. My name is XXX, 24. I come from XXXX,the capital of XXXXX Province. I graduated from the XXXX department of XXX University in July,2001.In the past two years I have been preparing for the postgraduate examination while I have been teaching XXXX in NO.XXXX middle School and I was a head-teacher of a class in junior grade two.Now all my hard work has got a result since I have a chance to be interview by you . I am open-minded ,quick in thought and very fond of history.In my spare time,I have broad interests like many other youngsters.I like reading books, especially those about XXXXX .Frequently I exchange with other people by making comments in the forum on line.In addition ,during my college years,I was once a Net-bar technician.So, I have a comparatively good command of network application.I am able to operate the computer well.I am skillful in searching for information in Internet.I am a football fan for years.Italian team is my favorite.Anyway,I feel great pity for our country’s team. I always believe that one will easily lag behind unless he keeps on learning .Of course, if I am given a chance to study XXXX in this famous University,I will stare no effort to master a good command of advance XXXX. 

2.Good afternoon.I am of great hornor to stand here and introduce myself to you .First of all ,my english name is ...and my chinese name is ..If you are going to have a job interview ,you must say much things which can show your willness to this job ,such as ,it is my long cherished dream to be ...and I am eager to get an opportunity to do...and then give some examples which can give evidence to .then you can say something about your hobbies .and it is best that the hobbies have something to do with the job. 

What is more important is do not forget to communicate with the interviewee,keeping a smile and keeping your talks interesting and funny can contribute to the success. 
I hope you will give them a wonderful speech .Good luck to you!
 
3.good morning, my name is jack, it is really a great honor to have this opportunity for a interview, i would like to answer whatever you may raise, and i hope i can make a good performance today, eventually enroll in this prestigious university in september.

now i will introduce myself briefly,i am 21 years old,born in heilongjiang province ,northeast of china,and i am curruently a senior student at beijing XX uni.my major is packaging engineering.and i will receive my bachelor degree after my graduation in june.in the past 4 years,i spend most of my time on study,i have passed CET4/6 with an ease. and i have acquired basic knowledge of packaging and publishing both in theory and in practice. besides, i have attend several packaging exhibition hold in Beijing, this is our advantage study here, i have taken a tour to some big factory and company. through these i have a deeply understanding of domestic packaging industry. compared to developed countries such as us, unfortunately, although we have made extraordinary progress since 1978,our packaging industry are still underdeveloped, mess, unstable, the situation of employees in this field are awkard. but i have full confidence in a bright future if only our economy can keep the growth pace still. i guess you maybe interested in the reason itch to law, and what is my plan during graduate study life, i would like to tell you that pursue law is one of my lifelong goal,i like my major packaging and i won't give up,if i can pursue my master degree here i will combine law with my former education. i will work hard in thesefields ,patent ,trademark, copyright, on the base of my years study in department of p&p, my character? i cannot describe it well, but i know i am optimistic and confident. sometimes i prefer to stay alone, reading, listening to music, but i am not lonely, i like to chat with my classmates, almost talk everything ,my favorite pastime is valleyball,playing cards or surf online. through college life,i learn how to balance between study and entertainment. by the way, i was a actor of our amazing drama club. i had a few glorious memory on stage. that is my pride. 

**面试中的常见问题**

3、 What is your greatest strength?（你最突出的优点是什么？） 

这是很多面试考官喜欢问的一个问题，这是你展示自己的最佳机会，不要吹嘘自己或过于自负，但要让雇主知道你相信自己，你知道自己的优点。如可答：“我认为我最大的优点是能够执着地尽力把事情办好。当做完一件工作而其成果又正合我的预想时，我会有一种真正的成就感。我给自己定了一些高目标。比如说，我要成为出色的毕业生。尽管在大学一年级时我启动慢了些，但最终我以优等论文完成了学业 

I feel that my strongest asset is my ability to stick to things to get them done. I feel a real sense of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turns out just as I’d planned. I’ve set some high goals for myself. For example, I want to graduate with highest distinction. And even though I had a slow start in my freshman year, I made up for it by doing an honor’s thesis. 

4、What is your greatest weakness?（你最大的弱点是什么？） 

你不应该说你没有任何弱点，以此来回避这个问题。每个人都有弱点，最佳策略是承认你的弱点，但同时表明你在予以改进，并有克服弱点的计划。可能的话，你可说出一项可能会给公司带来好处的弱点，如可说：“我是一个完美主义者。工作做得不漂亮，我是不会撒手的。” 

I'm such a perfectionist that I will not stop until a job is well done. 

**英语面试实战指南** 

I：Interviewer(面试者)

A：Applicant(求职者) 

介绍教育背景：简明扼要，实话实说 

尽管你在简历中对自己的教育背景作了介绍，但在面试时，面试官还有可能就此方面提问。还是事先做点准备吧。 

I：what is your major？ 

A：My major is Business Administration. I am especially interested in〃Marketing〃. 

(不仅回答了问题，还顺带一句介绍了自己较为感兴趣的方面，简明扼要。) 

I：Which university are you attending？ 

A：I am attending×××University. 

I：Have you received any degrees？ 

A：Yes. First I received my Bachelor degree in English Literatureand then an MBA degree. 

I：What course did you like best？ 

A：Project Management. I was very interested in this course when I was a student. And I think it’s very useful for my present work. 

I：Do you feel that you have received a good general training？ 

A：Yes，I have studied in an English train-ing program and a computer training program since I graduated from university. I am currently studying Finance at a training school. 

介绍工作经验：显露实力，避免炫耀 

I：Have you ever been employed？ 

I：Your resume says you have had one-year experience working in a foreign representative office in Shanghai，may I ask why you left？ 

I worked in a foreign rep.office for one year.However，I left there two years ago because the work they gave me was rather dull.I found another job that is more interesting. 

Have you done any work in this field？ 

What qualifications do you have that make you feel you will be successful in your field？ 

What have you learned from the jobs you have had？ 

A have learned a lot about business know how and basic office skills. In additionI learned at my previous job show to cooperate with my colleagues. 

What’s you major weak point？ 

haven’t been involved in international business，so I don’t have any experiencebut I have studied this course in the International Business Training Center of the×××Company. 

What are your greatest strengths？

(实话实说好了，不必客气，但应注意语气和表情，不要给人炫耀之感。) 

Please tell me about your working experience. 

Does your present employer know you are looking for another job？ 

I haven’t discussed my career plans with my present employer，but I am sure he will understand. 

性格爱好：表现积极、合作的一面 

How do you spend your spare time？ 

Are you interested in sports？ 

Do you think you are introverted or extroverted？ 

What kind of personality do you think you have？ 

I always approach things very enthusiastically. When I beg in something,I don’t like to leave it halfdone. I can’t concentrate on something new until the first thing is finished. 

What is the most important thing for you to be happy？ 

Different people have different ideas. I think the most important thing for me is having a good relationship with my family members and my friends. My family has always been very closeknit,and my friend sand I spend a lot of time together. Without that I would be much less happy than I am. 

What makes you angry？ 

Dishonesty. It’s unacceptable. 

What are your personal weaknesses？ 

I’m afraid I’m a poor talker. I’m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time. That is not very good for businessso I have been studying public speaking. 

Are you more of a leader or a follower？ 

I don’t try to lead people. I’d rather cooperate with everybodyand get the job done by working together. 

工作要求：我能胜任 

Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English？ 

Yes,in most circumstances. 

Are you available for travel？ 

Yes,I like traveling. I am young and unmarried. It’s no problem for me to travel frequently. 

How about overtime work？ 

Overtime work is very common in companies. I can work overtime if it’s necessary,but I don’t think we will work overtime everyday. 

How long do you think we can depend on your working here？ 

Do you like regular work？ 

No,I don’t like regular work. I am interested in different projects with new opport unities and new challengebut I can do regular work if the company needs me to do so. 

What salary do you expect？ 

Shall we discuss my responsibilities with your company first？I think salary is closely related to the responsibilities of the job. 

Do you work well under pressure？ 

Working under pressure is exciting and challenging. I don’t mind working under pressure. I work well under the secircum stances. People canI Can. 

Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration？ 

No nothing in particular. 

How soon can you begin working for us？ 

I need about two to three weeks for necessary formalities. I will quit then transfer to your company. 

面试结束：礼貌道别 

Any questions？ 

When will I know your decision？ 

How can we get in touch with you？ 

We will notify you of our decision by mailis this convenient for you？ 

Thank you for your interest in our company. 

Thank you,Mr.Smith. Goodbye.Thank you for your time. 

You will be hearing from us very soon. Please send the next applicantin on your way out. 

OK.Thank you very much. 

此外，面试官还可能问及你的家庭情况，如家人对你的影响等，也应事先有所准备。 

资料: 

英语自我介绍常用十句话 

1、I have been for over five years in teh employ of an exporting company. 

本人曾经前后五年被受雇于出口贸易公司。 

2、I have been in the business for the last ten years, and worked as the superintendent in the personnel department. 

本人在过去十年在商界担任人事部主任迄今。 

3、I have had five years' experience with a company as a salesman. 

本人曾在某一公司担任推销员，前后有五年之久。 

4、For the past three years, I have been in the office of the Brothers Trading Co., where I have been ad still am an accountant. 

本人曾经在兄弟贸易公司服务三年，担任会计工作，现仍在职中。 

5、I am twenty years of age, and have been employed for the last two years by the Green Trees Co., in teh general clerical work of the office. 

我今年20岁，曾于绿林公司服务两年，担任一般文员工作。 

6、I am 25 years of age, and have had two years' experience in my present post, which I am leaving to better myself. 

我今年25岁，已在目前的职位工作两年，兹为寻找更上一层楼，准备离开此职位。 

7、I am nineteen years of age, female and have had two years' experience in a company's delivery office. 

我今年19岁，女性。曾在某家公司担任收发工作两年。 

8、I am just leaving school, and am eighteen years of age. 

本人18岁，不久即可毕业。 

9、I am twenty years of age, and am anxious to settle down to office work. 

本人20岁，希望能找到一个公司，以便安定下来。 

10、 Since my graduation from the school two years ago, I have been employed in teh Green Hotel as a cashier. 

两年前，自从离校后，在格兰酒店担任出纳员。 

自我介绍用语大全之问候类 

1.Good morning everyone. 

大家早上好。 

2.Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 

先生们，女士们下午好。 

3.Good evening, teachers and fellow students. 

老师们，同学们晚上好。 

4.It’s my great honor to introduce myself to you here. 

很荣幸在这儿向大家作自我介绍。 

5.It’s my pleasure to introduce myself to you here. 

我很高兴在这儿向大家作自我介绍。 

6.I’m very happy to introduce myself to you here. 

我很高兴在这儿向大家作自我介绍。 

7.I’m very glad to introduce myself to you here. 

我很高兴在这儿向大家作自我介绍。 

8.I feel very honored to introduce myself to you here. 

我感到很荣幸在这儿向大家作自我介绍。 

9.It is a great pleasure for me to introduce myself to you here. 

我是如此的高兴在这儿向大家作自我介绍。 

10.It is a privilege to be speaking to you today. 

今天能跟你谈话真是我三生有幸。 

11、I am very proud to be addressing you this evening.

今晚能在此应邀讲话我深感荣幸。
